Clarkson defends Meghan
In a Sun column written in December 2018, Clarkson said Meghan had been "a breath of fresh air for the royals", but went on to say she had become "the wicked witch". Clarkson actually went on to defend Meghan, saying he "doesn't know her" and couldn't understand why she was being mocked.

"As a result, she will have less impact on your life than your postman's wife," he wrote. "It's ridiculous, cruel and heartless — and unless she proves me wrong by going around at night urinating on homeless people, it needs to stop." When Meghan and Harry announced their decision to stop being working royals, Clarkson said it may have come as a surprise to Meghan that life as a British royal and it wasn't all "fairy-tale castles" and "riding around on golden unicorns". But he said he felt it was "unfair" to blame her, writing: "I won't judge her for that. People are allowed to resign from jobs they don't like."

The nasty obsession begins
It didn't last, as Clarkson went back on his own words. In February 2020, the presenter told Meghan to "get a grip" after she emotionally said no one had really "asked her if she was OK" during an ITV documentary. Speaking to GQ, Clarkson said Meghan should "toughen up".

Asked if he cries often he responded: "Everybody cries. Everybody cried when Princess Diana was buried. But I mean, as a general rule, you've got to get a grip. I think the expression 'get a grip' needs to come back into the lexicon as soon as possible. Everybody needs to get a grip. Meghan Markle... just get a grip."

In March 2021, Clarkson branded Meghan a "silly little cable TV actress" and accused her of "simpering victimhood". Weighing in on the debate surrounding the Oprah Winfrey interview and Piers Morgan's response, Clarkson wrote in the Sun : "Yes, she is much revered by the young and the stupid who believe that her brand of simpering victimhood will one day bring down the monarchy, but it won't.

"Trust me on this one. Markle’s toast, and within five years, I suspect she’ll be posing for photographs, on her own outside the Taj Mahal or sitting on the back of a playboy’s yacht in the Med, and poor old Piers will realise that he lost his job over absolutely nothing at all."

Clarkson's sickening remarks
In an extremely foul rant Clarkson wrote a column in December 2022 in which he claimed to hate Meghan "on a cellular level" and wanted her to be "paraded naked through the streets". The television presenter said that he "dreams of people throwing lumps of excrement at her".

This came in response to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Netflix docuseries, Harry & Meghan. In his column for The Sun, Jeremy said how he felt "sorry" for Harry, that he is being "controlled" by his wife and called the royal a "glove puppet". "At night, I'm unable to sleep as I lie there, grinding my teeth and dreaming of the day when she is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her," he shockingly wrote.

Clarkson's downfall
There were calls for him to be sacked and a cross-party group of more than 60 MPs demanded "action" against him for language that has "no place in our country". In a letter to the editor of The Sun, Chairwoman of the Women and Equalities Select Committee, Caroline Nokes, said: "We are horrified at the recent article by Jeremy Clarkson in your publication."

Even Clarkson's own daughter turned on him, saying she "stands against everything" he said about Meghan. Emily Clarkson wrote: "My views are and have always been clear when it comes to misogyny, bullying and the treatment of women by the media. I want to make it very clear that I stand against everything that my dad wrote about Meghan Markle and I remain standing in support of those that are targeted with online hatred." The presenter initially addressed huge backlash to his column on Twitter as he told his followers: "Oh dear. I’ve rather put my foot in it. In a column I wrote about Meghan, I made a clumsy reference to a scene in Game of Thrones and this has gone down badly with a great many people. I’m horrified to have caused so much hurt and I shall be more careful in future."